All hot ones are actually coming and me
I'm back with this because this time
video is only very briefly about one
Explanation to rowing at the romp it is
my first exercise in my time
pool day here is there seem to her
will see that I here with it right
the lower back quite a
This movement is movement
but very controlled that is one
controlled swing as expressed
a controlled swing
controlled swing just when
move or only those who move has
therein
I could with the movement in the bottom
but my arms would stop
do not move, but me
make the swing and then I pull
first of all, that's a flowing one, of course
movement in the video what can i do
By doing so , I create the lower one
to bring back into the exercise
second, I give my latissimus
here when I move forward ago
I always have to choose a bit
if I move forward here afterwards
your shoulders are a bit too
with and I'm here in the country is
needs more stretching than if i do not like that
go far through this little one
movement radius I give as I said the
land is I have to hunt another
of course always try to stretch
cross I wanted to tell the back
of course just to keep
you'll see it here right away
only the explanation for the rowing on
Tournament, see also I prefer very much
far down so I'm pulling with the
Elbow down more in the pure
Genital area I have a lot of people
train here and then but me e
write mail that you do not back
Feel neat
the back of the latissimus is here
really responsible for this here
to move in a circular motion
We create this circular motion by
we pull down from above here
if you do that with a controlled one
swing combined then you have
longer a greater range of motion the
goes directly to racism and then
you probably feel the back rather
better with this exercise than the one or
others maybe right now
problems has in this exercise only so much
I'll show you around now
tour and later today still follows
entire everyday life of a bit
I was reduced to the bayern
bend
But I have to take it out today
Saturdays nicely made up we'll see each other
again something